Allow overriding of all functions in wonderland.c (#7198)
qmk/qmk_firmware: docs/custom_quantum_functions.md

This function will be called when the state of one of those 5 LEDs changes. It receives the LED state as a struct parameter.

> By convention, return true from `led_update_user()` to get the `led_update_kb()` hook to run it's code, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By convention, return `true` from `led_update_user()` to get the `led_update_kb()` hook to run its code, and
```

> return false when you would prefer not to run the code in `led_update_kb()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
return `false` when you would prefer not to run the code in `led_update_kb()`.
```

> Some example include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some examples include:
```

  - overriding the LEDs to use them for something else like layer indication

>     - return false as you do not want the `_kb` functions to run as they would override your layer behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - return `false` because you do not want the `_kb()` function to run, as it would override your layer behavior.
```

  - play a sound when an LED turns on or off.

>     - return true because you want the `_kb` function to run and this is in addition to the default LED behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - return `true` because you want the `_kb` function to run, and this is in addition to the default LED behavior.
```

        } else {
            writePinHigh(B4);
        }
    }
    return res;
}
```

### Example `led_update_user()` Implementation

> This incomplete example, would play a sound if capslock was turned on or off. It returns true, because you also want the LEDs to maintain their state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This incomplete example would play a sound if Caps Lock is turned on or off. It returns `true`, because you also want the LEDs to maintain their state.
```
